# Forms in AKSO

Forms in AKSO are built using modules and AKSO Script.

## Special form values
Besides the form values, the following additional form metadata may be used by AKSO Script:

- `@@created_time`: The unix timestamp at which the user originally filled out the form. `null` if not editing.

- `@@edited_time`: The unix timestamp at which the user last edited the form, otherwise `null`.

## Data types
These are the hard restrictions on form data. The user-implied form restrictions may be bypassed when manually editing form data, but these may not.

These restrictions also apply to the `default` value of the form entries, except the default may always be `null`.

When directly applying a value to `default` it will be validated before building the form. If the value is dynamically generated by AKSO Script, it will be type casted and/or capped according to the below restrictions.

### boolean
`boolean` or `null`. Can be migrated to `number`, `text`.

### number
finite `number` or `null`. Can be migrated to `text`.

### text
`string` or `null`. Cannot be migrated.

#### `variant=[text,email,tel,uri]`
Min length: 1 char, Max length: 2048 chars, no newlines allowed.

#### `variant=textarea`
Min length: 1 char, Max length: 8192 chars.

### money
`number <uint32>` or `null`. Can be migrated to `number`, `text`.

### enum
`string` (must be a valid enum option) or `null`. Can be migrated to `text`.

### country
`string` (msmustut be a valid country) or `null`. Can be migrated to `text`.

### date
`string <date>` or `null`. Can be migrated to `text`.

### time
`string <time>` or `null`. Can be migrated to `text`.

Where `time` is a string of the format `hh:MM`.

### datetime
`number <uint64>` or `null`. Can be migrated to `text`, `number`.

### boolean_table
`array <boolean|null>[]`

`null` is only allowed in cells without a checkbox.

When used in `default`, this must be a `boolean` applied to the entire table.

Cannot be migrated.
